'\" t
.\"
.\" Manual page for srcpd
.\" Process with:
.\"   groff -man -Tlatin1 srcpd.8 | less
.\" or
.\"   groff -man -Tutf8 srcpd.8 | less
.\"
.\" Get a printable version with:
.\"   groff -mandoc -Tps srcpd.8 > srcpd.ps
.\"
.\"
.TH srcpd 8 "December 19, 2009"
.\"
.\"

.SH NAME
srcpd \- SRCP speaking daemon
.\"

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B srcpd
[ options ] 
.\"

.SH DESCRIPTION
This is not a complete manual. You have to consult the project
home page at http://srcpd.sourceforge.net/ for full documentation!

.B srcpd
is a UNIX daemon speaking the Simple Railroad Command Protocol
(SRCP).

Upon start up it reads in the system wide configuration file named
\fBsrcpd.conf\fP. Contents and structure of this XML-file is explained
in detail in the \fBsrcpd.conf (5)\fP man page. The SRCP specification
is published on http://srcpd.sourceforge.net/srcp.
.\"

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-h
Prints some useful help about command line options and exit
.TP
.BI \-n
Do not daemonize upon start-up. The srcpd does not switch into
background mode. This option can be used with the Ubuntu upstart
system.
.TP
.BI \-v
Print program version, SRCP level and exit
.TP
.BI \-f\ <filename>
Use the specified filename as the configuration file. The default
value will be defined at compile time and can be displayed using the
\fB-h\fP parameter.
.\"

.SH NOTES
.SS Getting started
The \fBsrcpd\fP system service (daemon) is compliant to the Filesystem
Hierarchy Standard (FHS, http://www.pathname.com/fhs/). For more
information and special options about daemon usage please refer to to
your system documentation. The following instructions are on a general
level of information.
.\"

.SH "NOTES"
Please first start assembling a configuration file (\fIsrcpd.conf\fP)
fitting exactly your needs to connect to your model railway controller
interface. Save this file to the directory for host specific system
configuration (\fI/etc\fP). The default configuration file delivered
with this software must be replaced by the new one.

As soon as the adapted configuration file is at the right place, the
daemon can be started using this command:

.RS
.nf
/etc/init.d/srcpd start
.fi
.RE

If the \fBsrcpd\fP is already running, the daemon first must be stopped
to get it aware of the new setup. Stopping the daemon is executed in
analogy to the start command:

.RS
.nf
/etc/init.d/srcpd stop
.fi
.RE

Under certain conditions it is also possible to get the daemon re-read
its configuration file without stopping it. With respect to hardware
access rules under UNIXlike systems, the group and/or user rights must
be properly set in \fIsrcpd.conf\fP to let the daemon access the
appropriate hardware resources at any time.

Common model railway interfaces will require access rights for serial
lines (RS232, USB), which can be achieved using the proper group rights
(e.g. \fBdialout\fR). The \fBddl-s88\fR module uses a special system function
(ioperm) which always needs root rights to perform successfully.

To let srcpd re-read its configuration file, assumed the setup
mentioned before is correct, the following command can be used:

.RS
.nf
/etc/init.d/srcpd reload
.fi
.RE

The log file \fI/var/log/messages\fP of the syslog daemon can be used
to monitor occurring errors on daemon start or during current operation.
With root rights the upcoming messages can be continuously watched in a
separate terminal:

.RS
.nf
tail -f /var/log/messages
.fi
.RE

The verbosity of these messages can be adjusted using the configuration
file \fIsrcpd.conf\fP. For more information refer to the adequate man
page.
.\"

.SH "SEE ALSO"
srcpd.conf (5)
.\"

.SH BUGS
Possibly there are some bugs. Please report them to the project
developer mailing list.
.\"

.SH AUTHORS
This man page was written by
Matthias Trute (mtrute@users.sourceforge.net),
Frank Schimschke (schmischi@users.sourceforge.net) and
Guido Scholz (gscholz@users.sourceforge.net).
.\"

.SH LICENSE
GNU General Public License, Version 2
