.\"
.\" Manual page for srcpd.conf
.\" Process with:
.\"   groff -man -Tlatin1 srcpd.conf.5 | less
.\" or
.\"   groff -man -Tutf8 srcpd.conf.5 | less
.\"
.\" Get a printable version with:
.\"   groff -mandoc -Tps srcpd.conf.5 > srcpd.conf.ps
.\"
.\"
.TH srcpd.conf 5 "December 19, 2009"
.\"

.SH NAME
srcpd.conf \- The configuration file for the srcpd deamon
.\"

.SH DESCRIPTION
The file \fI/etc/srcpd.conf\fP is used by the \fB srcpd (8)\fP.
This file contains the runtime configuration for the deamon
and it's connection(s) to model railroad system.
See
.BR srcpd\ (8)
for instruction how to use the daemon.
.\"

.SH "DEFAULT CONFIGURATION FILE"

.PP
The default file is shipped as with the srcpd and contains both
default settings and an example bus configuration.

.RS
.nf
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<srcpd version="2.0">
  <bus>
    <server>
      <tcp-port>4303</tcp-port>
      <pid-file>/var/run/srcpd.pid</pid-file>
      <username>nobody</username>
      <groupname>nogroup</groupname>
    </server>
    <verbosity>5</verbosity>
  </bus>
  <bus>
    <loopback>
      <number_fb>3</number_fb>
    </loopback>
    <use_watchdog>no</use_watchdog>
    <verbosity>5</verbosity>
    <auto_power_on>yes</auto_power_on>
  </bus>
</srcpd>
.fi
.RE
.\"

.SH "FILE FORMAT"
.\"
.PP
The configuration file for srcpd is stored in XML format.  As XML
files are plain text, experienced users can manipulate such files with
the help of a text editor.  Less experienced users should select an
external configuration tool to ensure a syntactically correct format.
.PP
If there are errors during configuration file reading the daemon will
send appropriate notifications to the syslog daemon.  These messages can
be watched using with the syslog facility user.info.  This facility
is usually sent to the file \fI/var/log/messages\fP.  On some systems
the \fI/etc/syslog.conf\fP may need to be edited to access the user.info
facility:
.PP
.nf
    user.info     /var/adm/user-info.log
.fi

.PP
Currently there is no document type definition (DTD) available, to
validate the format of a user created configuration file.
.PP
Each configuration file must provide the following base structure:
.PP
.nf
    <?xml version="1.0"?>
    <srcpd>
    ...
    </srcpd>
.fi
.\"
.PP
Within this structure (...) the necessary buses are configured, each
using a separate substructure:
.PP
.nf
    <bus>
    ...
    </bus>
    <bus>
    ...
    </bus>
.fi
.\"
.SS General hints
.PP
The first configured bus should always be the server-bus.  Sequence and
number of the following buses are any desired.  Numbering of each single
bus is done according to the sequence in this configuration file.  The
server bus itself gets number 0, all following buses are numbered
continuously starting with 1 up to a maximum limit of 20.
.PP
Only buses that are
actually used with the daemon should be filed.  Not used buses can be
commented out:
.PP
.nf
    <!--
    <bus>
    ...
    </bus>
    -->
.fi

.PP
Please bear in mind the numbering of the following buses will be changed
accordingly.
.\"
.\"
.SS Universal options
.PP
The following options are usable for all used bus sections.
.\"
.TP
verbosity
Depending on this number (valid range: 0..5) the bus will tell you less
or more about what is happening.  The 0 value gives a minimum output.
This option is mainly used for debugging reasons.  You can watch these
messages using the syslog daemon file \fI/var/log/messages\fP; see
.IR srcpd (8)
for more information.  The default value is
.IR 4 .
.\"
.TP
use_watchdog
Some buses provide a watchdog feature to cancel a blocked bus thread.
Valid input values are
.IR yes
or
.IR no .
The default value is
.IR no .
.\"
.TP
restore_device_settings
Some buses provide a feature to restore serial device settings.
Valid input values are \fByes\fR or \fBno\fR.  The default value is
.IR no .
.\"
.TP
device
This is the name of the connected device (like /dev/ttyS0).  If bus is
\fBserver\fP or \fBloopback\fP no assignment is necessary.  The default
value is
.IR /dev/null .
.\"
.TP
auto_power_on
This option enables/disables automatical power on for a bus on server
daemon start.  This option
is not necessary for \fBserver\fP and \fBloopback\fP buses.  The default
value is
.IR no .
.\"
.TP
speed
Buses using serial devices with a not fixed transfer speed allow to
adjust this parameter.  Possible values are 2400, 4800, 9600, 19200,
38400, 57600 and 115200\ baud.  For buses with variable interface speed
the default value is
.IR 2400 .
.\"
.\"
.SS server
.PP
This bus is needed every time.  The following options can be used for
individual setup.
.TP
tcp-port
This is the TCP/IP port for communication between
.IR srcpd
and his clients.  Default is
.IR 4303
(this port number is assigned to SRCP by IANA).
.\"
.TP
pid-file
File, where srcpd is storing it's process-id.  According to FHS the default
is
.IR /var/run/srcpd.pid .
.\"
.TP
username
srcpd runs under this user.  Default is
.IR nobody .
.\"
.TP
groupname
srcpd runs under this group.  Default is
.IR nogroup .
.\"
.\"
.SS ddl
.PP
Digital Direct for Linux (DDL) via serial line (RS232).  With this module
the PC is enabled to generate a digital control voltage for
Maerklin/Motorola (MM) and/or NMRA/DCC using the serial
interface (RS232) hardware.  Output lines TxD and GND are used by
this feature and must be connected to booster inputs properly.
.PP
This module exposes optimal signal performance if special user rights for
the
.IR srcpd
are applied.  It is recommended especially for Maerklin/Motorola users to
configure a system user
.IR srcpd
and a group
.IR srcpd
with these command lines:

   $ addgroup --system srcpd
   $ adduser --system --no-create-home --ingroup srcpd srcpd

In order to increase the realtime priority for this user the system
file
.IR /etc/security/limits.conf
must be edited to add following line:

    srcpd  -       rtprio  99

According to these measures the configuration file must be adapted as
follows:

    <server>
      ...
      <username>srcpd</username>
      <groupname>srcpd</groupname>
      ...
    </server>

.TP
number_ga
Maximum usable decoder address number for generic accessory devices (GA).
The default value is
.IR 324 .
.\"

please note that there is an offset of 4 between the DDL addresses and
the addresses according to the documentation from maerklin. The equation
ddl-address = maerklin docu address + 4 is used. This is due to some
interpretation differences what the trits mean. Details can be found at
http://vogt-it.com/OpenSource/DDL/Addrestable.html

.TP
number_gl
Maximum usable decoder address number for generic locomotive devices (GL).
The default value is
.IR 81 .
.\"
.TP
enable_ringindicator_checking
The ring indicator (RI) is a line of the serial interface RS232.  This
line can be used to switch off digital signal power, e.g. by pushing a
connected emergency stop button.  Signal power is switched off if RI line
input voltage changes from -12V (-5V) to +12V (+5V).  If this feature is
used, the parameter must be set to
.IR yes ,
if not used, it must be set to
.IR no .
The default value is 
.IR no .
.\"
.TP
enable_checkshort_checking
The DSR line of the serial interface RS232 can be used to switch off
digital power as response to shortcut detection.  The connected booster
must provide support for this kind of feature and must be wired to this
line accordingly.  If used the parameter must be set to
.IR yes ,
if not used, it must be set to
.IR no .
The default value is
.IR no .
.\"
.TP
inverse_dsr_handling
Some boosters provide inverted output voltage for shortcut detection.  If
such a booster is used this parameter must be set to
.IR yes .
The default value is
.IR no .
.\"
.TP
enable_maerklin
This parameter must be set to
.IR yes ,
if decoders for the old (not mfx) Maerklin/Motorola (MM) format are used.
If not used, it should be set to
.IR no . 
The default value is
.IR yes .
.\"
.TP
enable_nmradcc
This parameter must be set to
.IR yes ,
if decoders for NMRA/DCC format are used.  If not used, it should be set to
.IR no . 
The default value is
.IR yes .
.PP
It is also possible to enable both digital protocol formats, to drive
decoders of both digital systems attached to the same power line.  In
order to minimize CPU load, the not used protocol should always be
disabled.
.\"
.TP
improve_nmradcc_timing
The default baudrate of DDL is 19200\ baud, which is slightly higher
than allowed by NMRA DCC standard.  With a UART 16550A you can change the
baudrate to  16457\ baud, which is within the specification.  This is
only needed if you have timing problems with the default.
Valid input values are \fByes\fR or \fBno\fR.  The default value is
\fBno\fR, which
corresponds to 19200\ baud.
.\"
.TP
nmra_ga_offset
This parameter is for backward compatibility to
.IR erddcd
and alternate usage of different central units, due to the fact there
are two ways to handle
NMRA/DCC decoder addresses.  This parameter allows to add an offset to
all used address values.  E.g., if all GA decoder addresses are shifted
by 4 (i.e. you want to change switch 1, and you have to change switch
5 to do this), then this parameter should be set to
.IR 1 .
Valid values are 0 and 1.  Default value is
.IR 0 .
.\"
.TP
shortcut_failure_delay
Number of micro seconds
.IR srcpd
waits to switch off digital power, after a shortcut is detected.  The
default value is
.IR 0 .
.\"
.TP
nmradcc_translation_routine
There are 3 implementations for converting the logical command bits into
serial line commands, considering the start and stop bits of the serial
line.  Valid values are 1, 2 and 3.  Default value is
.IR 3 .
.\"
.TP
enable_usleep_patch
Due to certain issues of the MM protocol its usage results in a
significant amount of CPU load for
.IR srcpd ,
caused by busy waiting.  This parameter gives the possibility to improve
this situation by introducing a process wait state for a certain amount
of time.  Normally this does not result in any trouble controlling the
attached decoders, so the parameter should be set to
.IR yes .
Valid values are
.IR yes
and
.IR no .
The default value is
.IR yes .
.\"
.TP
usleep_usec
Number of micro seconds the signal generating process pauses.  This value
should be as small as possible; a bigger value can result in improper
digital signal generation.  There have been good results using values
between 100 and 250 usecs.  This parameter is only used, if
.IR enable_usleep_patch
is set to
.IR yes .
The default value is
.IR 100 .
.\"
.TP
program_track
This parameter allows you to suppress commands which are issued for a
program track.  This parameter should only be used on your main.  Valid
input values are \fByes\fR or \fBno\fR.  The default value is \fByes\fR,
i.e. all program track commands will be executed by default.
.\"
.TP
Example Maerklin/Motorola
.nf
<bus>
    <ddl>
       <number_ga>200</number_ga>
       <number_gl>81</number_gl>
       <enable_maerklin>yes</enable_maerklin>
       <enable_nmradcc>no</enable_nmradcc>
       <enable_usleep_patch>yes</enable_usleep_patch>
       <usleep_usec>200</usleep_usec>
    </ddl>
    <auto_power_on>no</auto_power_on>
    <verbosity>4</verbosity>
    <device>/dev/ttyS0</device>
</bus>
.fi
.\"
.TP
Example NMRA/DCC
.nf
<bus>
    <ddl>
       <number_ga>160</number_ga>
       <number_gl>60</number_gl>
       <enable_maerklin>no</enable_maerklin>
       <enable_nmradcc>yes</enable_nmradcc>
       <nmradcc_translation_routine>3</nmradcc_translation_routine>
    </ddl>
    <auto_power_on>no</auto_power_on>
    <verbosity>4</verbosity>
    <device>/dev/ttyS0</device>
</bus>
.fi
.\"
.\"
.SS ddl-s88
.PP
Digital Direct for Linux S88 via parport (IEEE 1284).  This bus provides
up to four S88 data links attached to the parallel port to connect
S88-feedback modules.  Usage of one S88 line is possible by simply wiring
modules to the parallel port connectors; for advanced applications
involving more than one line the
wiring scheme is equivalent to the one from the DDL daemon
.IR erddcd
(http://www.vogt-it.com/OpenSource/DDL) as shown in the circuit of
Martin Wolf.  The four S88 data links are managed as separate buses. 

The maximum count of modules (with 16 contacts) which can be connected
to a data link is 31; so maximal 496 contacts are supported per link.
When using modules with 8 contacts two modules count as one. 

For each data link a separate bus is initialized where the sequence of
the feedback contacts of the modules is increasing as the modules are
connected to the data link.  If there are no modules connected to a data
link the respective value of
.IR number_fb_x
must be set to
.IR 0 .
Nevertheless this bus is initialized, that means also if only one bus is
used, all four buses are initialized.
.\"
.TP
ioport
Input/output address of the printer port.  The default value is
.IR 0x0378 .
The value for
.IR ioport
must be given in hexadecimal format (starting with 0x).  Valid values
for a typical Linux system are 0x0378, 0x0278 and 0x03BC.
The right value can easily be detected searching through the kernel
start-up messages:
.nf
    dmesg | grep parport
.fi
.\"
.TP
clockscale
Parameter to adjust the clock rate for reading the modules.  In the case of the 
default value 35 the original S88 clock rate of approximately 8\ KHz would be
achieved.  Smaller values increasing the clock rate but not each module can work
with this.  In maximum there is approximately 125\ KHz possible.
.\"
.TP
refresh
Delay time in milliseconds after witch the feedback modules are read again.
In case of the default value 100 the data is refreshed each 100\ ms. 

The higher this value the less often the attached modules are read and
the less is the resulting system load.  Useful values are between 100 and 250.
.\"
.TP
fb_delay_time_0
This value in milliseconds determines how long the signal on a feedback
contact must be on zero level before it is accepted as valid and will be
forwarded to all clients.  With this parameter it is in a limited range
possible to debounce bad feedback contacts (bouncing contacts).  The default
value is
.IR 0 .
.\"
.TP
number_fb_1
This statement defines the count of feedback modules connected to the data
link number
.IR 1 .
.\"
.TP
number_fb_2
This statement defines the count of to data link number
.IR 2
connected feedback modules. 
.TP
number_fb_3
This statement defines the count of to data link number
.IR 3
connected feedback modules. 
.TP
number_fb_4
This statement defines the count of to the data link number
.IR 4
connected feedback modules.
.PP
Inside of the configuration the common values should be arranged before
the bus specific values. 
.\"
.TP
Example
.nf
<bus>
    <auto_power_on>yes</auto_power_on>
    <verbosity>5</verbosity>
    <ddl-s88>
        <ioport>0x378</ioport>
        <number_fb_1>9</number_fb_1>
        <number_fb_2>0</number_fb_2>
        <number_fb_3>0</number_fb_3>
        <number_fb_4>0</number_fb_4>
    </ddl-s88>
</bus>
.fi
.\"
.\"
.SS hsi-88
.PP
This driver supports the HSI-88 device from Littfinski connected
via serial line.  An USB2Serial converter should work fine.  The serial
line speed setting is fixed to 9600\ baud and cannot be changed.

The HSI-88 device provides three lines for feedback modules.  To each
line a maximum of 31 modules (each with 16 inputs) can be attached.  If
modules with 8 inputs are used, two modules count as one.
.\"
.TP
number_fb_left
This value is the number of feedback-modules (with 16 inputs) connected
to the line called
.IR left .
.\"
.TP
number_fb_center
This value is number of feedback-modules
(with 16 inputs) connected to the line called
.IR center .
.\"
.TP
number_fb_right
This value is number of feedback-modules
(with 16 inputs) connected to the line called
.IR right .
.\"
.TP
fb_delay_time_0
This is the time in milliseconds a feedback input must be zero, before
zero is delivered to the attaches SRCP clients.  With this feature it is
possible to compensate bad feedback bounces in a certain range.  The
default value is
.IR 0 .
.\"
.TP
refresh
The time in microseconds (us) after srcpd will read feedback again from
HSI-88.  The default value is 10000\ us.  The lower this value the higher
the resulting CPU load.
.\"
.TP
Example
.nf
<bus>
    <hsi-88>
        <number_fb_left>8</number_fb_left>
        <number_fb_center>5</number_fb_center>
        <number_fb_right>0</number_fb_right>
        <refresh>10000</refresh>
    </hsi-88>
    <auto_power_on>yes</auto_power_on>
    <verbosity>4</verbosity>
    <device>/dev/ttyS0</device>
</bus>
.fi
.\"
.\"
.SS i2c-dev
.PP
Bus driver for i2c-dev interface of the Linux kernel, can be used to
access hardware found on http://www.matronix.de/.
.TP
multiplex_buses
TODO
.TP
ga_hardware_inverters
TODO
.TP
ga_reset_device
TODO
.\"
.\"
.SS intellibox
.PP
This driver supports the Intellibox device from Uhlenbrock (IB) connected
via the serial port.  Only extended mode commands are used (P50X
protocol); this should be taken into account if protocol compatible
devices (e.g. OpenDCC, DiCoStation, EasyControl) are used.  Programming
decoders is currently implemented for DCC only.  Possible values for speed
of serial port are 2400\ baud, 4800\ baud, 9600\ baud, 19200\ baud and
38400\ baud.
.\"
.TP
fb_delay_time_0
This is the time in milliseconds a feedback input must be zero, before
this value is delivered to clients.  With this feature you can compensate
bad feedback in a specific range.  The default value is 0\ ms.
.\"
.TP
pause_between_commands
This is the time in milliseconds between two commands the driver must
wait.  The exact value should be hand tuned.  If the system does not
respond or drops commands try to increase this value.  Default is 250\ ms.
.\"
.TP
number_ga
This is the maximal address number of Generic Accessory decoders (GA).
Supported range is 0..1024.  A value of 0 means no GA available.  Default
is 256.
.\"
.TP
number_gl
Like the number of GA this number limits the maximum address of the
Generic Locomotive decoders (GL).  Supported range
is 0..10239.  A value of 0 means no GL available.  Default is 80.
.\"
.TP
number_fb
This is the number of S88 modules attached to the Intellibox device.
The maximum valid number is 31.  The default is 0 (no modules are attached).
Please note that Loconet is currently not supported.
.\"
.TP
auto_speed_detection
This option activates an automatical baudrate detection of the connected
Intellibox (BABI, Break and Automatic Baud-rate Identification).  This
procedure takes several seconds but if enabled it is not necessary to
specify a value for the 
.IR speed
parameter.  If disabled the connection initialization is much faster but
the given
.IR speed
value must comply to the actual Intellibox setting.  Valid values are
.IR yes
and
.IR no .
The default value is
.IR yes .
.\"
.TP
Example
.nf
<bus>
    <intellibox>
        <number_ga>250</number_ga>
        <number_gl>100</number_gl>
        <number_fb>4</number_fb>
        <fb_delay_time_0>0</fb_delay_time_0>
        <pause_between_commands>0</pause_between_commands>
    </intellibox>
    <speed>19200</speed>
    <auto_speed_detection>no</auto_speed_detection>
    <auto_power_on>no</auto_power_on>
    <verbosity>4</verbosity>
    <device>/dev/ttyUSB0</device>
</bus>
.fi
.\"
.\"
.SS li100, li100usb
.PP
This driver connects with the LI100, LI100F, LI101F or LI-USB devices from
Lenz connected via the serial port/USB-interface.  An USB2Serial converter
should not be used.  The serial line settings are depending on type of
interface.  For LI-USB it's fixed to 57600\ baud with no chance to change.
Autodetection of serial port interface speed is currently under
construction.  If connection fails, try restart of srcpd with an other
speed.  Possible values are 9600\ baud, 19200\ baud, 38400\ baud,
57600\ baud and 115200\ baud, depending on your interface.
.TP
fb_delay_time_0
This is the time in milliseconds an feedback input must be zero, before
this value is delivered to clients.  With this feature you can compensate
bad feedback in a specific range.  The default value is 0\ ms.
.TP
number_ga
This is the number of GA.  Supported range is 0..1024.  A value of 0 means no
GA available.  Default is 99 (LI-USB 9999).
.TP
number_gl
Like the number of GA this number gives the maximum address.  Supported range
is 0..9999.  A value of 0 means no GL available.  Default is 99 (LI-USB 9999).
.TP
number_fb
This is the number of RS modules attached to the Lenz device.
It can be as large as 512.  It's assumed, that one module has 8 inputs.
A value of 0 means no FB available.  Default is 256 (LI-USB 512).
.\"
.PP
For Lenz USB interfaces It is very important to have the kernel module
.IR ftdi_sio
available.  Due to the Lenz concept, the interface unit returns different
values after start.
.TP
.BI 0
everything is OK
.TP
.BI -1
Central Unit not found.  Unable to read version of central unit.
.TP
.BI -2
Central Unit not found.  Unable to read version of central unit.
.TP
.BI -3
Interface not found.  Unable to read version of interface.  This can also
happen, if no central unit is connected to interface.
.TP
.BI -4
device not found
.\"
.\"
.SS loconet
.PP
This bus provides a driver for the Loconet system by Digitrax.
The device settings may be either serial connections (e.g. MS100,
LocoBuffer) or TCP/IP network links (e.g. LbServer,
http://loconetovertcp.sourceforge.net/).
.\"
.TP
sync-time-from-loconet
Decode time messages from the loconet and set the SRCP TIME device.
Valid values are
.IR yes
or
.IR no .
Default is
.IR no .
.\"
.TP
loconet-id
Default is 0x50.
.\"
.TP
ms100
Support for the MS100/RS232 device of Digitrax.  Valid values are
.IR yes
and
.IR no .
Default is
.IR no .
.\"
.TP
Example
.nf
<bus>
    <loconet>
       <loconet-id>80</loconet-id>
        <sync-time-from-loconet>no</sync-time-from-loconet>
        <ms100>no</ms100>
    </loconet>
    <device type="network" port="1234">127.0.0.1</device>
    <!--
    <device type="file">/dev/ttyS0</device>
    -->
    
</bus>
.fi
.\"
.\"
.SS loopback
.PP
This bus does not connect to real hardware.  It is used primarily
for development tasks but may be useful for real installations too.
Every command on this bus does only have an echo effect on the INFO
sessions.  This device may be used as virtual device for communication
tasks.
.TP
number_ga
This is the maximal address number of Generic Accessory (GA) devices.
Default is 256.
.TP
number_gl
This number gives the maximum valid address number of the Generic
Locomotive (GL) devices.  Default is 80
.TP
number_fb
Different to other buses this parameter takes the number of feedback
contacts, not modules.  Simulation of two feedback modules, each
providing 16 contacts, accordingly needs a parameter value of 32.  Default
is 0 (no contact).
.\"
.TP
Example
.nf
<bus>
    <loopback>
        <number_ga>120</number_fb>
        <number_gl>100</number_fb>
        <number_fb>64</number_fb>
    </loopback>
    <verbosity>2</verbosity>
    <auto_power_on>no</auto_power_on>
</bus>
.fi
.\"
.\"
.SS m605x
.PP
This supports communication with the 6051 or 6050 devices from Maerklin
connected via the serial port.  An USB2Serial converter should work
fine.  The serial line settings are fixed to 2400\ baud 8N2 and cannot
be changed.
.\"
.TP
m6020mode
In this mode the srcpd does not sent the 4 functions.  This
is a feature of the 6021 only. Valid values are 
.IR yes
and
.IR no .
Default value is
.IR no.
.\"
.TP
fb_delay_time_0
This is the time the driver code waits until it recognized the input
change in milliseconds.  This feature may support a debounce found in
the hardware.  The default value is 0\ ms.
.\"
.TP
ga_min_activetime
The time in milliseconds a GA device needs to be in active state.  The
absolute minimum is 75\ ms and is needed for stable communication with
the 6051.  The default value is 75\ ms.
.\"
.TP
pause_between_commands
This is the time between two commands the drivers must wait.  The exact
values should be hand tuned.  If the system does not respond or drops
commands try to increase this value.  Default is 200\ ms.
.\"
.TP
pause_between_bytes
This is the time the driver waits between 2 bytes in multi-byte commands.
The hardware handshake does not work with all devices so this parameter
was introduced to support it.  The default is 2\ ms.
.\"
.TP
number_ga
This is the number of GA.  This parameter does not have a real effect
since the interface supports the addresses 1..256 only.  Keep the
default value 256 untouched.
.\"
.TP
number_gl
Like the number of GA this number gives the maximum GL address.  Since
this number is limited to 80, keep the default value 80 untouched.
.\"
.TP
number_fb
This is the number of 6088 modules attached to the 6051/6050 device.
The valid range is from 0..31.  The default value is 0 (no modules are
attached).  Please note that 6088 modules attached to other devices
(memory) cannot be accessed.
.\"
.TP
Example
.nf
<bus>
    <m605x>
        <number_ga>120</number_fb>
        <number_gl>60</number_fb>
        <number_fb>8</number_fb>
        <ga_min_activetime>150</ga_min_activetime>
        <pause_between_bytes>2</pause_between_bytes>
        <pause_between_commands>50</pause_between_commands>
    </m605x>
    <auto_power_on>no</auto_power_on>
    <verbosity>4</verbosity>
    <device>/dev/ttyS0</device>
</bus>
.fi
.\"
.\"
.SS selectrix
.PP
Selectrix CC-2000 and Rautenhaus SLX852.
.TP
number_ga
TODO
.TP
number_gl
TODO
.TP
number_fb
TODO
.TP
controller
TODO
.\"
.\"
.SS zimo
.PP
This bus provides support for the old ASCII based Zimo MX1 interface
protocol.  The baud rate can not be changed and has an internal preset
of 9600 Baud.
.TP
number_ga
This value sets the maximum number for the GA address range.  For
protocol M (Maerklin/Motorola) the upper limit is 63, for protocol
N (NMRA/DCC) the upper limit is 2044 (according to Lenz-DCC address
scheme).  The Z (Zimo) protocol is not supported yet.  The default
value is 256.
.TP
number_gl
This value sets the maximum number for the GL address range.  The
default value is 80.
.TP
number_fb
Not supported.  The default value is 0.
.TP
fb_delay_time_0
Not supported.
.\"

.SH FILES
.I /etc/srcpd.conf
.\"

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR srcpd\ (8)
.\"

.SH AUTHORS
This man page was written by
Matthias Trute (mtrute@users.sourceforge.net),
Frank Schimschke (schmischi@users.sourceforge.net) and
Guido Scholz (gscholz@users.sourceforge.net).
